= awesome =

Notes:
- tags are what other WM call “Desktops”.
- A “client” is the term for basically an application window.

Window manager control
- Mod C-r               Restart awesome.
- Mod Q                 Quit awesome.
- Mod r                   Run prompt.
- Mod x                  Run LUA code prompt.
- Mod Return      Spawn terminal emulator.
- Mod w                 Open main menu.

Clients
- Mod R                 Redraw the focused window.
- Mod m                Maximize client.
- Mod n                 Minimize client.
- Mod f                  Set client fullscreen.
- Mod C                 Kill focused client.
- Mod t                  Mark a client.

Navigation
- Mod j                  Focus next client.
- Mod k                 Focus previous client.
- Mod u                    Focus first urgent client.
- Mod Left            View previous tag.
- Mod Right         View next tag.
- Mod 1-9              Switch to tag 1-9.
- Mod C-j              Focus next screen.
- Mod C-k             Focus previous screen.
- Mod Esc             Focus previously selected tag set.

Layout modification
- Mod J                 Switch client with next client.
- Mod K                Switch client with previous client.
- Mod o                Send client to next screen.
- Mod h                Decrease master width factor by 5%.
- Mod l                 Increase master width factor by 5%.
- Mod H                Increase number of master windows by 1.
- Mod L                Decrease number of master windows by 1.
- Mod C-h            Increase number of cols for non-master windows by 1.
- Mod C-l             Decrease number of cols for non-master windows by 1.
- Mod Space       Switch to next layout.
- Mod S-Space    Switch to previous layout.
- Mod C-Space    Toggle client floating status.
- Mod C-Return   Swap focused client with master.
- Mod C-1-9         Toggle tag view.
- Mod S-1-9         Tag client with tag.
- Mod S-C-1-9     Toggle tag on client.
- Mod S-F1-9      Tag marked clients with tag.
